README.md, before:

# UADetect

- [UADetect](#uadetect)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [via `npm`](#via-npm)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)


## Description

✨The dead-simple way of detecting a device's user agent.✨

## Technologies Used
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/db/Npm-logo.svg/1920px-Npm-logo.svg.png" width="30px">
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/Node.js_logo.svg/1280px-Node.js_logo.svg.png" width="30px">
<img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" width="30px">
<img alt="TypeScript" width="30px" src="https://blog.jeremylikness.com/blog/2019-03-05_typescript-for-javascript-developers-by-refactoring-part-1-of-2/images/1.jpeg"/>
<img alt="jQuery" width="30px" src="https://jquery.com/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery.com/i/favicon.ico">

## Installation
### via `npm`

Install the `uadetect` package

```bash
npm i -d uadetect
```


## Documentation

Read all about how to use the package in the [Docs](/docs/index.md)

Commit message:

fix(readme): :chart_with_upwards_trend: improvements to marketing

README.md, after:

# UADetect

- [UADetect](#uadetect)
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
  - [Installation](#installation)
    - [via `npm`](#via-npm)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)


## Description

✨The dead-simple way of interacting with the navigator API.✨

It may say "UA", but we're way more than that. UADetect is the eaisiet way to interact with the navigator API. We have lots of componets, and they all are well documented in the [docs](./docs/index.md).

## Technologies Used
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/db/Npm-logo.svg/1920px-Npm-logo.svg.png" width="30px">
<img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d9/Node.js_logo.svg/1280px-Node.js_logo.svg.png" width="30px">
<img src="https://logos-download.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/JavaScript_Logo.png" width="30px">
<img alt="TypeScript" width="30px" src="https://blog.jeremylikness.com/blog/2019-03-05_typescript-for-javascript-developers-by-refactoring-part-1-of-2/images/1.jpeg"/>
<img alt="jQuery" width="30px" src="https://jquery.com/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery.com/i/favicon.ico">

## Installation
### via `npm`

Install the `uadetect` package

```bash
npm i -d uadetect
```


## Documentation

Read all about how to use the package in the [Docs](/docs/index.md)
